weaverd is written by and is copyright (c) 2003 Lars Magne
Ingebrigtsen <larsi@gnus.org>.  It's released under the GNU General
Public License, a copy of which is included in this package.

The Weaver Daemon has two executables: int, which is used for
standalone threading, and is basically a debugging tool, and weaverd,
which is the actual program to use.

weaverd takes the following parameters:

--port, p:    The port number to listen to
--index, -i:  Where the thread files will be stored
--help:       A short help message
--spool, -s:  Where the news spool is

After it has started up, it sits in an eternal accept() loop listening
for connections.

After accepting a connection, it accepts the commands listed below.
Each command is one line.  Each connection may feed weaverd an
arbitrary number of commands.

The output is one record per line.  After all records have been
output, a line containing just "." is output.

All elements on each line is separated by TABs.

input FILE-NAME
    Parse FILE-NAME as a news article and thread it.  The name
    has to correspond to the --spool setting, so if --spool is
    "/usr/lib/news", then FILE-NAME would typically be 
    "/usr/lib/news/articles/comp/lang/lisp/342532".  

    weaverd doesn't return anything.

group-thread GROUP-NAME FROM TO
    Output threads for articles FROM to TO in group GROUP-NAME.
    FROM and TO is here in logical thread order, not article number
    order.
   
    The threads requested are output, one per line.

    The format used is:
      
       depth article-number subject author date parent-children...

    If depth is 8, then there will be 8 parent-children entries.  What
    these say is how many remaining children these parents have when 
    we reach this article in the thread.  This can be used to display 
    pleasing threads.

group MATCH
    Output all groups that match MATCH.

    One group per line.

flatten
    Normally when weaverd starts up, it's in non-flattening mode,
    which speeds things up a lot when inputting tons of messages.
    This command switches flattening mode on, and should be given to
    weaverd before any clients connect to it to query it for threads.




